# Change Log
All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](http://keepachangelog.com/)
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/).

## [Unreleased]

## [1.0.0] - 2017-07-14
### added
- Adds a PDF report of sales daily by warehouse. You should indicate the day and the warehouse through a wizard.

## [1.0.1] - 2017-07-18
### changed
- Update dependencies of other addons and fix the bug that caused that odoo did not find the css used in the report.

## [1.0.2] - 2017-07-19
### changed
- Fix bug in date printed for the sales done in the report.

## [1.1.0] - 2017-07-19
### changed
- Changes field date in model of wizard for set the current date as the default value.

## [1.2.0] - 2017-07-20
### changed
- Changes label in template of report to better identification of invoices generated by credit.
- Invoices generated by way of credit are exclude of section of invoices grouped by payment method.
- The code was refactorised for better performance and readability.
- Adds document origin (sale order name) to lines of invoices grouped by payment method. Also adds document(s) origin (invoices names) to lines of payments of invoices grouped by payment method.

## [1.2.1] - 2017-07-20
### changed
- Fix filter of invoices of customer refund for exclude the invoice of customer refund cancelled.

## [1.2.2] - 2017-07-21
### changed
- Substraction of payments done to refund invoices is eliminated of total payments printed in the report.

## [1.2.3] - 2017-07-21
### changed
- Now are selected all sales with order date based on timezone of the user that generate the report.
- Now the datetime of generated the report is printed in time zone of the user.
